---
authors: [matt]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

08/08/2024

# 1.43.0 - Rapid Platform

## Improvements

- Added support for middle-clicking and control-clicking menu items in Explorer to open them in a new tab of web browser.
- Improved page refresh functionality to restore the user's previous state upon reload.

## Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where clicking "Process Diagrams" in the JumboTron after executing a workflow with an embedded form caused the data table to crash.  
- Resolved inconsistency where workflow diagrams displayed a footer in test environments but not in production.
- Restored functionality of the menu buttons with on-click action set as "Raise Workflow Created Signal". The error "Cannot raise signal: Converting circular structure to JSON --> starting at object with constructor..." has been resolved.
- Fixed breadcrumb corruption issue when opening a task from a process run.
- Addressed an issue causing an infinite loop during the initial login after signing up for Rapid Platform.
- Resolved error that occurred when executing a user task, which updated a SharePoint folder name.
- Fixed issue where adding principals via OID would throw an error despite the operation succeeding.
- Fixed the table crash issue that occurred when creating a new process diagram.
- Resolved error encountered when launching a user task with an adaptive document.
- Updated the Edit Diagram button on a process run in Explorer to generate the correct route, preventing page crashes.
- Fixed error encountered when deleting a subtype on sites with disabled row-level security.
- Resolved issue where the delete button was incorrectly disabled on item level on sites with disabled row-level permissions.
- Addressed issue where deleted page components were not removed after saving and refreshing the page.