# System Tables

Rapid platform sites have a number of built in tables required for core functionality. Many of these tables operate behind the scenes and will not be discussed here. However, there are a number of system tables that users may interact with regularly.
This document will provide a short introduction to each of these tables.


## Tasks

The tasks table is used to track and present user tasks within rapid. An item on this table represents a single user task and will hold useful information such the user assigned to the task, the start and due date, a title and description of the task.

There are many ways a task could be created, but the two most common sources of tasks are from being manually created by a user, or by being generated through workflow.


## Manually Creating a Task

To create a new task from the default Task tab:

1. In the Explorer experience, select an item from an entity that you would like to create a task for.
2. In the Single Page of an item, open the Tasks tab (this will exist by default for most tables)
3. Click **New Task**.
4. Fill in the relevant fields and click **Create** to create the task or **Create and Open** to create and open the task.

## Manually Completing a Task

To manually complete a task:

1. In the Explorer experience, select click an item from an entity that you would have created a task for.
2. In the Explorer view of an item, open the Tasks tab at the top of the page.
3. Select and click the task that you would like to mark as 'Complete'.
4. Click the **Complete** button to mark the task as 'Complete'.

## Workflow-Generated Tasks 

Tasks generated by a [process diagram](</docs/Rapid/3-User Manual/4-Workflow/4-Workflow.md>) provide a powerful way for users to interact with automated business logic.

- For more information about how tasks interact with **Workflow**, see the [Workflow - User task section](</docs/Rapid/4-Keyper Manual/3-Workflow/user-task/user-task.md>)
