---
authors: [danny]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

19/12/2024

# 1.49.0 - Rapid Platform

With **Rapid Platform release 1.49.0**, we’re delivering enhanced usability and powerful features to help you work smarter and faster. From smoother data navigation to ensuring accurate data entries and improved file handling, this release focuses on making your everyday tasks more efficient. Here's what's new:

## New Features
- **Duplicate Data Prevention:** Users can now ensure that duplicate records are not created when unique data is submitted more than once. For more information on how to implement unique data columns, please reach out to Rapid Support.
- **Drag-and-Drop Emails into Activity Feed:** Users can now drag email files (.msg or .eml) into an Activity feed, and the system will log the email details against that item, streamlining email activity management.
- **CSV Export Notifications and Restrictions:** Users are now notified that their CSV export is being generated immediately after clicking the export button. Additionally, users are restricted from initiating another export process until the current one is complete.
- **Payable Subtotal on Payment Forms:** Payment forms now display the payable subtotal before users validate their credit card details, offering greater transparency.
- **Enhanced Data Table Navigation:** Users can now navigate data tables with the tab key and directional arrows, improving accessibility and efficiency.
- **File Attachment Interface Improvements:** The user interface for embedded files has been refined to show file type icons and clearer labelling.

## Bug Fixes
- **Interrupting Signal and Timer Issues:** Fixed an issue where the Interrupting Signal event was negatively impacting timers.
- **Adaptive V3 Designer Upgrades:** Ensured v3 designer fully and correctly upgrades v2 forms when loaded.
- **Date-Time Field AM/PM Settings:** Resolved an issue where the AM/PM setting could not be modified when "Show Time" was toggled ON in Adaptive v3 date-time fields.
