# Creating a New View

1.	We now have a way to add new data into our ASSETS. I can imagine Clear Consulting diligently going through their ASSETS, and then noting down what should happen for each ASSET. However, the company will quickly have a problem if they need to open every single ASSET to find out whether it needs to be sold, repaired, disposed of, etc.
2.	Let’s create a new VIEW, which will allow the consulting company’s auditors to quickly see all assets and their AUDIT ACTIONS. First, let’s make sure we are on the ALL-ASSETS table. Now, we press the FILTER or VIEW button, and select CREATE VIEW.
3.	The TITLE is what will appear in the drop-down FILTER menu we just saw. We’ll call this VIEW “AUDIT ACTIONS – ALL"
4.	We can choose how the column will be sorted. For us, we probably want to SORT the table so that all ASSETS being SOLD are grouped together, and all ASSETS being REPAIRED are together, etc. We can do this by choosing the AUDIT ACTIONS column as our sorting column. We can choose ASCENDING or DESCENDING, which means the items will either be sorted alphabetically, numerically, or by date, depending on what column we are sorting by. For this sort of data, it doesn’t really matter.
5.	We will come back to the filter in a moment, let’s skip down to COLUMNS. Here, we choose which columns are visible in the VIEW we will build. We want the Name of the ASSET, as well as its AUDIT ACTIONS, and STATUS, so we can compare them. Also including the employee who is attached to the ASSET could be useful, so we’ll place it at the end of the VIEW.
6.	Okay, now let’s adjust the filter. We don’t care about assets that have “No Action” next to their name. Instead, we just want the assets that require action. Filters require RULES that they must obey. For example, I can place the RULE that I only want certain items CREATED BY me. Then, only the ASSETS that I have created in RAPID will appear. We want to change this to AUDIT ACTIONS. There are some LOGICAL OPERATORS here, that provide logic for how the rule behaves.
7.	Let me first show you the bad way to handle this problem, we could say to RAPID, show me all the ASSETS that have the AUDIT ACTION which is...SELL. Then I could add another Rule, and say:
a.	“Show me all the ASSETS that have the AUDIT ACTION which is SELL
OR “Show me ASSETS that have the AUDIT ACTION which is REPAIR
OR “Show me ASSETS that have the AUDIT ACTION = DISPOSE OF” etc.
8.	The problem is, what if we add a new action to our list? Then we will have to remember to come back here and add that rule. You are like me, you’ll forget you created the view like this, and so you’ll be left scratching your head, when a new type of action isn’t appearing in your VIEW.
9.	So, there is an easier, and better, way of doing this. We can delete that most recent rule by pressing the X at the end of the FIELD.
10.	Instead of listing all the things that the AUDIT ACTIONS could be, we instead do the opposite. We are going to tell Rapid: “Only show me the items that aren’t set to NO ACTION”. Functionally, it does the same thing, but it will future-proof us a little more. We do this by changing the equals sign, to the DOES NOT EQUAL sign. Notice there are other logical operators here that we can play around with, such as less than, less than or equal to, greater than, greater than or equal to, and finding COLUMNS that contain information, or COLUMNS that are empty, or COLUMNS that contain a certain number or piece of text.
11.	Let’s save our view, by pressing SAVE at the top of our editing sidebar.
12.	Now, we can use our VIEW, and check that it works.
