---
authors: [matt]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

# 1.30.4 - Document Theming
21/4/2023

## Features

### DocX Theme Support

Word Documents support different Themes and the Fill Document service task (powered by DocX) now does as well. You can now configure custom theme colours which will be applied to the produced document. This sets the actual Word theme, so any content within can be styled. The theming interface mirrors the Theme configurator in Word itself to make it easy to map your custom themes across.

One word of warning, Word Online has different behaviour around custom themes as compared to Word running locally. We have noticed the first two theme colours (Text Light 1 and Text Dark 1) are respected by Word Online but instead set to black and white locally.

### Adaptive Required Field Support

Marking fields as required in Adaptive documents will now be respected by both Public Forms and the Task Experience. Public forms with empty required fields will prevent submission of the form. Tasks can be altered and saved so that they can be pushed out or slowly filled in over time, but trying to complete a task with missing required fields will now direct the user to fill them in. 

This update has no effect on Explorer.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed failure to save a task in the Task Experience if it did not have a document configured
- Fixed parallel gateway merges in loop scenarios failing to wait for all the tokens before completing
- Fixed inline refresh on the Tasks Experience failing to actually refresh with items
- Prevented repeating sections with 0 items creating a blank item on submission

## Improvements

- Added confirmation modal to Adaptive Designer delete button
- Hidden universal links to notifications in Adaptive Tasks
- Enabled item creation blacklisting on Gantt and Board components in Explorer
- Cleaned up Tasks experience mobile style from feedback