---
authors: [danny]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

02/12/2024

# 1.48.0 - Rapid Platform

Announcing **Rapid Platform release 1.48.0**. This release focuses on enhancing data table flexibility and resolving various bugs to improve overall workflow and user experience. Below are the updates included in this release.

## New Features
- **Editable Column Configuration:** Release 1.47.0 introduced the ability for users to perform inline editing in data tables. Building on that foundation, Release 1.48.0 gives users the ability to configure columns as non-editable. This enhancement allows for greater flexibility in system implementation, enabling users to restrict editable access for specific use cases and ensure precise control over data management.

### How to Configure Non-Editable Columns
1. Navigate to the relevant table page.
2. Select the desired View from the **View dropdown**.
3. Click the **edit table icon** (located on the far right).
4. Click the **edit pencil** for the column you want to configure.
5. Select **Disable editing in data table**.
6. Click **Save**.  
   The selected column will now be non-editable.

**Note:** If you want to disable editing for a column across the entire system, you must repeat this process for the column in all configured views.

## Bug Fixes
- **Rapid Workflow Output to PDF:** Resolved an issue where fullstops were not permitted in PDF outputs, ensuring consistency with DOCX outputs.
- **Swim Lane Display in Process Diagrams:** Fixed a bug where swim lanes erroneously displayed as green on certain process diagrams during execution.
- **Explorer Field Search:** Addressed an issue where searching in specific lookup fields did not work properly. 
- **Subtype Item Notifications:** Fixed a problem where adding a note to the activity feed failed when accessing Subtype items through notifications.
- **Data Table Subquery Fields:** Resolved an issue where values in data tables with more than one subquery field were not populated correctly.
- **Persistent Public Form Submission:** Resolved an issue where submitting a persistent public form erroneously marked the task as complete.
- **Lookup Field Behavior in Public Forms:** Fixed a bug causing public forms to jump back to the top of the form after selecting a lookup fields.
- **Public Payment Task Fees Toggle:** Resolved a problem where the "pass on fees" toggle in public payment tasks appeared non-functional.
- **Payment Form Fee Processing:** Fixed an issue where submitting a payment form with fees toggled off still included fees passed on to the customer in the processed amount.

These updates ensure a more stable and user-friendly experience. For any questions or assistance, please contact our support team.
