---
authors: [danny]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

21/11/2024

# 1.47.0 - Rapid Platform

We’re excited to announce **Rapid Platform release 1.47.0**. This release expands data table functionality, allowing users to directly edit multiple field types, including text, dates, currency, and more, making data management more efficient and flexible. Read on to explore the full list of changes.

## New Features
- **Inline Data Table Editing:** Users can now directly edit a variety of field types in data tables. To edit values via the data table, simply click into the desired field, make the necessary edits, and save the changes. The following column types are now editable with this release:

  - Single Line of Text
  - Email
  - Date and Time
  - Date
  - Lookup
  - Boolean
  - Number
  - Percentage
  - Currency
  - User
  - Whole Number

**Note:** If a column is designated as the title column, it will not be editable (due to it being the link to open the item).

## Improvements
- **Adaptive v3 Number Inputs:** Adaptive number inputs now handle undefined or null values gracefully by leaving the field blank instead of defaulting to zero.
- **Enhanced Connection Identification:** Technical users can now clearly identify connections when configuring prefill data in workflow, improving usability.
- **Improved Item Cloning:** Cloned items now inherit parent lookup fields, reducing setup time and enhancing accuracy.

## Bug Fixes
- **Adaptive Designer Element Tree:** Fixed an issue where the root node could be dragged into its children, causing the entire tree to disappear.
- **Connection Section Usability:** Fixed the unusable connection section displayed in layout sections’ attributes panel.
- **Embedded File Replacement:** Replacing embedded files with files of the same name now updates correctly.
- **Choice Field Text Overlap:** Fixed an issue where choice field text overlapped with chevrons in certain configurations.
- **Connection Input Disconnection:** Resolved an issue where inputs added from single connections within a repeating context would disconnect from the connection.
- **Embedded Form Data Integrity:** Resolved an issue where adding or changing embedded forms wiped additional fields in a user task within workflow.
- **Multi-line Text Field Display:** Fixed a bug where expanding a multi-line text field caused pop-ups to appear behind other elements.