---
authors: [matt]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

# 1.22.0 - SendGrid Support
10/03/2022

## Features

### SendGrid Support

It is now possible to integrate your RAPID Site with sendgrid. It is possible to send emails using this service both through action buttons configured for a list through Explorer and on send and receive tasks through workflow. Refer here for a breakdown on configuring sendgrid and integrations to your RAPID site.

### Receive Tasks. 
These will pause a process run and wait for an email from the specified address to the specified address. Note, the receiving address must have its domain and subdomain configured through sendgrid

### Send Tasks
These allow you to select an integration and allow the selection of a template from sendgrid to use and allow for the input of variables into this template. It is possible to use expressions in the configuration for the send task in workflow. Executing a send task will send the email, in the template chosen (if one) to the nominated email. The process will then continue.

### Hidden Field Support

Added the ability to set the hidden attribute on a field. Setting this will prevent the field from displaying on a form when that form is opened in either the form or anonymous form experiences. It makes the field immutable but retains the ability for the data to be submitted. The purpose of this is to allow forms to be configured and have data submitted without allowing the user to change or see the data. To configure a field to be hidden, set the hidden attribute on the desired field in the Adaptive Designer.

## Bug Fixes 

- Prevented Multilookups and multi line text fields being added the all view upon column creation
- Workflow now shows parent relationships correctly

## UI/UX Fixes

- Changed the default pages for public form tasks to make them more usable
- Added the ability to use a context menu to add elements before and after in Adaptive Designer
- In Adaptive Designer, adding a user field will now set the column that is being looked up (full name)

## Improvements

- Added new system lists which lays the groundwork for Sendgrid and Twilio support (site repair required)
- In Adaptive Designer, adding elements now uses an action