---
authors: [matt]
tags: ['Changelog']
---

# 1.22.3 - Adaptive Data Connections
31/03/2022

## Features

### (Preview) Adaptive Connections

This release introduces the concept of data connections to Adaptive Schemas created in the Adaptive Designer. Data connections allow you to dictate where data comes from and goes to at a per element level of detail. This preview enables the configuration of the Rapid data connector which replaces the old Rapid Attributes configuration, with plans to extend to other services in the future.

In addition to being able to have your adaptive forms and apps communicate with more than just Rapid, this feature also enables the configuration of related data. For example, you can now create an adaptive form that creates (or updates) an Invoice along with an arbitrary number of invoice detail lines.

This feature is in preview with a heavy focus on usability improvements over the next week. Any feedback on your experience using connections is highly appreciated.

### Fetch and Save buttons

Along with being able to define more complicated data structures in your adaptive forms, we have also added actions to control fetching and saving data from your connections. These new actions can be applied to action buttons and allow the updating/saving of specific controls in your form.

As the Save action only targets one element, complex forms with many disparate items are expected to still use the Submit action to save everything at once.

### Improved Conditions

Conditions also got some love in this release. After feedback we have added an initial state configuration so you can now have forms elements that start hidden/disabled and 'unlock' as their condition is met. We have added in Equals and Contains conditions for text data, also thanks to your feedback.

## Bug Fixes

- Prevented adding controls to blank adaptive sections crashing the page
- Fixed quickly creating blank adaptive schemas saving corrupt
- Handled extended characters when searching for controls in the adaptive control picker
- Prevented page crash when navigating to a new adaptive schema and editing it before all controls had loaded
- Removed initial condition computation in lieu of initial state setting
- Resolved some cases where adding controls resolved in a corrupt element path
- Prevented adaptive grid crashing when trying to render negative columns
- Fixed adding multi-line of text inputs actually adding a single-line of text control instead
- Fixed adding a whole number control just adding a number control instead
- Fixed missing placeholder configuration on input field controls
- Fixed choice fields trying to save their display content instead of their value

## UI/UX Fixes

- Enabled adding of system fields to adaptive schemas
- Removed Rapid Attributes panel in lieu of new connections infrastructure
- Applied element connection controls to all adaptive elements
- Added Rapid view selector to connection configuration panel
- Added return to site picker / return to launchpad buttons to main adaptive designer page
- Enabled panel scroll in configuration panels
- Removed debug 'data path' controls on some element configuration panels
- Set title of elements to mirror label when empty
- Disabled multi-page menu in design mode